American reconnaissance satellites have reportedly spotted Chinese ships suspected of selling oil to North Korean vessels about 30 times since October.

South Korean officials told the Chosun Ilbo that the ships were allegedly trading in the West Sea between China and South Korea in a bid to bypass strict United Nations sanctions on oil exports to the pariah regime over its ongoing nuclear and weapons programme.

“We need to focus on the fact that the illicit trade started after a UN Security Council resolution in September drastically capped North Korea’s imports of refined petroleum products,” an unnamed source told the paper.

The US Treasury published surveillance photographs reportedly taken on October 19 of the North Korean vessel Rye Song Gang 1 lashed to a large Chinese vessel in deep waters, apparently showing hoses transferring oil.

Under the current tough sanctions regime Pyongyang is only allowed 500,000 barrels of oil imports a year. North Korea last week denounced ever tightening economic sanctions as “an act of war.”

Ship-to-ship trade with North Korea on the high seas is also forbidden under UN rules but very hard to patrol without an aggressive Chinese crackdown on smuggling.


President Trump on Thursday suggested China, with whom he has attempted to form a close relationship, had been "caught red handed". In a tweet, he said: "Very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. There will never be a friendly solution to the North Korea problem if this continues to happen!"

Robert Kelly, professor of political science at South Korea’s Pusan National University, ventured that the reports were entirely plausible. “There is a lot of under-the-radar on the Chinese side. Beijing does not police the border strictly or enforce the sanctions toughly. This could be that,” he said.

Meanwhile analysts were surprised by the latest Chinese customs data released on Tuesday, showing that, in a rare move, Beijing exported no oil products to North Korea in November.


Why North Korean fishermen are being washed ashore in Japan
h
Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said she didn’t know any details about the oil products export situation, but added: “As a principle, China has consistently fully, correctly, conscientiously and strictly enforced relevant UN Security Council resolutions on North Korea.”

It is unknown if China still sells crude oil to Pyongyang as Beijing has not disclosed its crude export data for several years.


American reconnaissance satellites have reportedly spotted Chinese ships suspected of selling oil to North Korean vessels about 30 times since October.

spotted
	Who -> American reconnaissance satellites
	What -> selling
			What -> oil
			Who is selling -> Chinese ships
			Whom -> North Korean vessels
	How many times ->30 times
	Since -> October
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
South Korean officials told the Chosun Ilbo that the ships were allegedly trading in the West Sea between China and South Korea in a bid to bypass strict United Nations sanctions on oil exports to the pariah regime over its ongoing nuclear and weapons programme.

Told
	Who -> south korean official
	Whom -> chosun llbo
	What->
		trading
			Adverb -> allegedly
			Who -> the ships
			Whom->
			Where -> in the West Sea between China and South Korea
			Why in this location-> in a bid to bypass strict
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

“We need to focus on the fact that the illicit trade started after a UN Security Council resolution in September drastically capped North Korea’s imports of refined petroleum products,” an unnamed source told the paper.

Told
	Who => unnamed source
	Whom=> paper
	What =>
		Need
			Who-> we
			What -> to focus
					What -> fact
							What fact-> started
								What is started-> illicit trade
								When is started (after)-> resolution
											Which ->  UN Security Council
											When -> September
											Effect-> capped
													Adverb=>drastically
													Whose-> North Korea’
													What -> imports
															Of => refined petroleum products

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The US Treasury published surveillance photographs reportedly taken on October 19 of the North Korean vessel Rye Song Gang 1 lashed to a large Chinese vessel in deep waters, apparently showing hoses transferring oil.

The US published photographs taken of the North Korean vessel lashed to a Chinese vessel showing hoses transferring oil.

Photograph
	Of = North Korean Vessel
		Lashed
			With = Chinese Vessel

	Showing = hoses
				Transferring
					Oil
By verb

Publish
	Who = The US Treasury
	What = Photograph
			Photograph of = North Korean Vessel
						Lashed
							With = Chinese Vessel
			What it doing in photograph = showing
									What showing = hoses
												Action = transferring oil
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Under the current tough sanctions regime Pyongyang is only allowed 500,000 barrels of oil imports a year.
North Korea last week denounced ever tightening economic sanctions as “an act of war.”

sanctions
	What is Allowed
		Who is allowed= regime Pyongyang
		What is allowed=  500,000 barrels of oil imports a year
	How sever are the sanctions = current tough


denounced
	Who = NK
	What = tightening
			What = economic sanctions
			As = an act of war

Something is wrong--- revisit this sentence

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ship-to-ship trade with North Korea on the high seas is also forbidden under UN rules but very hard to patrol without an aggressive Chinese crackdown on smuggling.

Fuck verb or noun == focus on the gist
forbidden
	What = trade
			Mode = Ship to ship
			With = NK
			Where = On the high seas
	By = UN rules


patrol
	Patrolling on  = smuggling
	How is Patrolling ? = Hard
					Without the help of = aggressive Chinese crackdown



President Trump on Thursday suggested China, with whom he has attempted to form a close relationship, had been "caught red handed". In a tweet, he said: "Very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. There will never be a friendly solution to the North Korea problem if this continues to happen!"


President Trump
	Suggested
		China
			Attempted
				To form a close relationship
		Thursday
		Caught red handed
	Tweet
		Very disappointed
			China
				Allowing
					Oil
					NK
					If it continues =
							Solution
								Never be a
								Friendly
								To = NK Problem


Robert Kelly, professor of political science at South Korea’s Pusan National University, ventured that the reports were entirely plausible. “There is a lot of under-the-radar on the Chinese side. Beijing does not police the border strictly or enforce the sanctions toughly. This could be that,” he said.

Robert Kelly
	Identity = professor
			political science
			South Korea’s Pusan National University
	ventured
		What = the reports
				 entirely plausible

	Said =


 There is a lot of under-the-radar on the Chinese side. Beijing does not police the border strictly or enforce the sanctions toughly. This could be that,

under-the-radar
	How much = lot
	Chinese side


Beijing
	Police
		Border
		Not strictly
	Sanction
		Enforcement
			Not toughly


Meanwhile analysts were surprised by the latest Chinese customs data released on Tuesday, showing that, in a rare move, Beijing exported no oil products to North Korea in November.

Surprised
	Analyst
	Data
		Released
			By Chinese customs
			On Tuesday
		Showing
			Beijing
				Export
					No
					Oil product
					NK
					November
	Rare move


Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said she didn’t know any details about the oil products export situation, but added: “As a principle, China has consistently fully, correctly, conscientiously and strictly enforced relevant UN Security Council resolutions on North Korea.”

Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman
	Hua Chunying
	Did not know
		Export situation
			Details of Oil products
		Said
			China
				Enforced
					Relevant
					Resolutions
						UN Security Council resolutions
						On NK
					consistently fully, correctly, conscientiously and strictly


It is unknown if China still sells crude oil to Pyongyang as Beijing has not disclosed its crude export data for several years.

Unknown
	What = sells
			China
			Crude oil
			Pyongyang
	Why =  Beijing
			Not disclosed
				Export data
					Crude
					Several years





In next step, I am going to identity the nouns/verbs with proper questioning.
